When you request a canal view room, be aware that even if it is available

And heaven help if you need to go to the bathroom while at the bar/restaurant (over the river and through the woods, to grandmother's house we go...).

Assured by front desk room would be availlable by 3 pm which is the check in time.

the room are like a sheraton hotel by any international airport,

Room is on the small side (smaller than most Sheraton standard rooms),

equally you could be let down by poorly trained staff and find yourself looking at a white wall in your tiny room.

If you were getting this hotel 'free' with points it would be a bargin espiecally if you could get a canal view room -

however if booking again I would state a room on a high floor as the canal can be noisy at weekends with the locals taking to their boats.

however you might have trouble if you order room service...

concierge desk has plenty of umbrellas at their desk if you need to borrow one; lighting inside the rooms seemed a bit sparse if you like it bright;

Most luxury hotels will avoid booking rooms around this sort of renovation - or at the very least warn the guests - but not the Pulitzer.

If you catch them right your in a 4 star hotel - if not -your going to get pot luck on some services.

and travelers should avoid it if they are looking for an upmarket hotel in Amsterdam.

Don't get fool by book reviews and movies, this hotel is not a five star luxury experience,

the room are like a sheraton hotel by any international airport,

Trust me save your money, this hotel it's a total joke!

and staff quality I would advise you to go to one of the better know chain hotels, at least you know what to expect.

If you were getting this hotel 'free' with points it would be a bargin espiecally if you could get a canal view room -

Also, the hotel would be advised to forget the waffles, chocolate and water freebies and provide tea and coffee making facilities.

Most luxury hotels will avoid booking rooms around this sort of renovation - or at the very least warn the guests - but not the Pulitzer.

however you might have trouble if you order room service...

